Pet sitting provided by a  pet industry professional of 6+ yrs. Veterinary assistant trained by Banfield Clinic. Currently enrolled in classes online, for official veterinary certification & veterinary medicine education paper credentials.Services available are customized & tailored specifically for the needs of the clients and their pets. Pooch Care doesn't provide a service list, you know your particular requirements and what your animal's specific needs, based upon your preferences for your pets, along with the everyday schedule & routine your pet is accustomed to. No request's or ways of spoiling your furbabies is off limits, if I haven't heard or done it before, I've had similar requests or am guilty of myself. No need for embarrassment over never giving tap water to the dogs. As long as not toxic to pets, I'll keep the diet to the exact stipulations you provide me. Boarding in my home or yours, based on your choosing as the best situation & less stressed out domain for the pet. Visitations daily, pet taxi service to Veterinary clinic or groomers, dog walking or taking to the dog park exercise needs, medication distribution & injections, elderly pets with special needs & issues, puppies etc.! No matter how difficult your animal, behavior issues & high anxiety or fearful. Free meet & greet with me before you book my services for preliminary observations beneficial to familiarize themselves with me and for me to get a read of the personality, maturity level, and a thorough understanding into your pets body language and any extra attention or care necessary for them. Trained in pet first aid & CPR. Closely involved with local & national non profit organizations and foundations. Voluntary efforts in the local shelters & in rescue work. There are various different forms of work in animal welfare and several avenues, ways to help & opportunities to make a difference all over the country. I am most passionate about the homeless pet epidemic due to animal abandonment, abusively neglected pets from ignorant & incompetence of owner and the most severe, dogfights, animal hoarding, breeders/puppy mills and cruelty beyond inhumanely beaten. Overflowing of all shelters, filled with dogs & cats for adoption, wasting away in a cage 24/7. They are innocents and mankind is responsible. Pooch Care donates a % of each booking from every client, goes to help end the homeless pet epidemic of America, as well as needed medical attention for those of the unwanted pets in facilities of limited funding/donations. Guaranteed quality care for your beloved pet, exceptional customer services & lengths willing to go for satisfaction of the client and affection provided for the pet. Rates are subject to services required, but extremely reasonable beyond measure, reduced rates for extended booking needs, flexible & negotiable for low income households.Always less than than any other professionally staffed kennels, boarding resorts or pet hotels. Saving money on pet care of substantially more healthy environment, less stressful for the animal and supervision & affection by a dedicated multi- trained professionally insured pet care professional. Pics & updates provided daily of the pet's stay. 100% trustworthy, references upon request. Every service you use with Pooch Care, automatically helps better the lives of innocent homeless pets and find them their forever home. Finally knowing what it means to be loved. Only adopting one of those amazing, gracious animals. Abandoned pets have the intelligence to know they're unwanted, but never know why. That of the luckier ones, adopted or simply getting fostered, are very aware of this difference, they're smart enough to know not to take for granted having someone caring just a little. With no means of communication directly from them, they are obvious in the absolute awe of the person responsible for the slightest kindness & feeling positively noticed. No one other than a shelter/ rescue pet, to show mankind learn true loyal unconditional sense of appreciation & genuine love so honestly pure, without which will never know from humanity, not able to duplicate. Adopt a homeless pet for the greatest joy known here on Earth.
